fix: issue with autocomplete input blur (#3690)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: packages/circuit-ui/components/AutocompleteInput/AutocompleteInput.mdx

## How to use

> - Use the `onSearch` prop to update the list of options as the user types. You can optionally set the `minQueryLength` prop to delay this behavior until a minimum number of characters has been typed. When the component resets its search text internally (for example after blur without a selection, clear, or closing the immersive modal), it emits `onSearch` with an empty string so consumers can restore the full option list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the `onSearch` prop to update the list of options as the user types. You can optionally set the `minQueryLength` prop to delay this behavior until a minimum number of characters has been typed. Whenever the suggestion box is closed, the `onSearch` callback is fired with an empty string, allowing consumers to reset the suggestion list.
```
